README.md, before:

# MacGTD-Microsoft

A collection of macOS Automator workflows for implementing Getting Things Done (GTD) with Microsoft 365 applications.

## Overview

This project provides a set of macOS Automator workflows that help implement the GTD methodology using Microsoft 365 applications:

- Microsoft To Do for tasks and next actions
- Microsoft OneNote for project notes and reference materials
- Microsoft Outlook Calendar for scheduled events and deadlines
- Microsoft Outlook for email processing
- Microsoft Teams for communication and collaboration

## Included Workflows

### MS-GTD-QuickCapture

Quickly capture thoughts, ideas, and tasks into your Microsoft To Do inbox without disrupting your current workflow.

## Installation

1. Clone this repository
2. Double-click on the workflow files to install them in Automator
3. Optional: Assign keyboard shortcuts to workflows in System Preferences > Keyboard > Shortcuts > Services

## Usage

Each workflow is documented with usage instructions within the Automator interface.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

test: add comprehensive test coverage

README.md, after:

# MacGTD-Microsoft

A collection of macOS Automator workflows for implementing Getting Things Done (GTD) with Microsoft 365 applications.

## Overview

This project provides a set of macOS Automator workflows that help implement the GTD methodology using Microsoft 365 applications:

- Microsoft To Do for tasks and next actions
- Microsoft OneNote for project notes and reference materials
- Microsoft Outlook Calendar for scheduled events and deadlines
- Microsoft Outlook for email processing
- Microsoft Teams for communication and collaboration

## Included Workflows

### MS-GTD-QuickCapture

Quickly capture thoughts, ideas, and tasks into your Microsoft To Do inbox without disrupting your current workflow.

## Installation

1. Clone this repository
2. Double-click on the workflow files to install them in Automator
3. Optional: Assign keyboard shortcuts to workflows in System Preferences > Keyboard > Shortcuts > Services

## Usage

Each workflow is documented with usage instructions within the Automator interface.

## Testing

This project includes comprehensive test coverage:

- **Unit Tests**: Validate the structure and syntax of the workflow files
- **Integration Tests**: Simulate running the workflows with various inputs
- **Fallback Tests**: Verify web fallback when native app is not available
- **CI/CD**: GitHub Actions workflow automatically runs tests on push/PR

To run tests locally:

```bash
cd tests
./test_workflow.sh     # Run unit tests
./integration_test.sh  # Run integration tests
```

See the [tests/README.md](tests/README.md) file for more details on testing.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

MIT
